# What is Space MVC Framework
The Space MVC PHP Framework is the fastest and most lightweight high performance, scalable, advanced PHP 7+ MVC framework available.

## How PHP works on servers
When a client (browser) sends a request for a PHP page to the server, the server reads the requested file from the disk (storage) and sends this file to the interpreter. The interpreter then runs the PHP code, fetches the DB data (if required) and puts it into HTML tags. Once the interpreter completes its tasks, it sends the result back to the server, which sends this data to the client (browser) that made a request for this page.

## MVC architecture with PHP
MVC, which stands for Model-View-Controller, is a really good way to develop clean, scalable, powerful and fast applications in the least amount of time and with the least effort. The Model-View-Controller concept involved in software development evolved in the late 1980s. Its a software architecture built on the idea that the logic of an application should be separated from its presentation. A system developed on the MVC architecture should allow a front-end developer and a back-end developer to work on the same system without interfering with each other.

## Model
Model is the name given to the component that will communicate with the database to manipulate the data. It acts as a bridge between the View component and the Controller component in the overall architecture. It doesnt matter to the Model component what happens to the data when it is passed to the View or Controller components.

## View
The View requests for data from the Model component and then its final output is determined. View interacts with the user, and then transfers the users reaction to the Controller component to respond accordingly. An example of this is a link generated by the View component, when a user clicks and an action gets triggered in the Controller.

## Controller
The Controllers job is to handle data that the user inputs or submits through the forms, and then Model updates this accordingly in the database. The Controller is nothing without the users interactions, which happen through the View component.